Hello, everyone.
So let's begin with the pivot with Musk.
And this is again a very simple, dynamic programming thing, just that we have a new term here, which
is bit musk before moving on to bit Musk, which is made up of a bit less musk.
So we all know the meaning of musk.
Musk means which is hiding something inside your trade and a bit less.
We all know what a -- it will be.
It will be hiding something inside them.
So that's why the term is bit musk but before moving on to bit Musk and what is what does it mean and
how to use it.
We will simply see we will see some big manipulation basics.
Right.
So we have I have very small.
I'm not small.
I have these simple topics which are generates upsets that checking whether certain or getting a bit
or inserting arbitrate some very big manipulation.
Firstly, let's talk about any number.
Let's say the two.
We have done so.
Well, if I talk about binary, this represents to correct but in decimal distant.
If I write ten as this binary number, then what I have is let's start from the rightmost Edward and
we'll have zero because it's, it's an even number.
Then we're going to have one which is eight plus two basically.
Right.
This is what we have tended to basically standard in due time.
So it's a binary form of ten.
So.
What I'll do is I'll simultaneous recorded as well and I will see all these things.
These are very basic word manipulation, but if you want to ignore them, you can.
If you already know how to do these things right or.
So let me have a bit said initially.
Let's say I have a bit Dublin ten E and let's pass 14.
Do it later.
Let me see out it.
So this is the bit this is the binary representation of 14, which is eight plus four plus two.
So this is somewhat one of the easiest ways to convert any number to binary.
Just take a picture of some particular length and just parsed in a model you want to set.
Like, let's say let's, let's take 31 and.
So this is 31.
Let's talk.
What if I bust minus two?
Minus one?
This is the bad representation of minus one.
What about minus two?
Well, we'll also talk about some negative numbers also.
But before moving on to negative numbers, we just discussed a few things about positive numbers.
It.
So the first thing is we have to generate subsets.
So let's say I want to I have these three items which is there to ABC and I want to generate all of
its subsets with ABC eight.
So how can I generate this object?
It's.
So how many subjects are there?
Firstly, we have three elements.
B So we'll have to strip our the subset eight that is a subset.
So what I'll do is I'll start writing the numbers from 0 to 7 because 027 numbers will have three bits.
I like the three bits and we'll see the magic that it does.
I have 01234567 and it is a binary of 02041.
It is one.
Who?
The.
Five.
Six and seven.
Eight.
So as you can see, we have all different combinations in these binaries of zeros and ones.
Correct.
Because we had three places and we have building all of them.
So now what I do is just map.
I'll map E.
I just take these.
Let me try to do.
It's just.
I'll just map.
These is wherever I get one.
I'll mab dc.
Where will I get one before zero?
We can see all these trees at zero.
That means I will not include at the rate now be noisy, but it's an empty set.
This one represents C, this will represent B, this will represent b c in this field represent E,
this will represent AC, A, B and C.
So here you can see I have generated all possible subsets of a particular.
Right.
A particular element.
And what if there are four elements?
If there were four elements, let's see.
If I had D also, then I would have to write.
If they were for numbers, then I would take all these numbers.
And, you know, I tried it from zero to 0 to 15 because then we'll get all possible subsets.
For example, if I had de here, I'll have eight, nine, ten, 11 and so on.
And we can repeat the same process.
Well, I'll, I'll talk later.
But before moving there, let's see the second part, which is it can be disturbed or not.
So if I have a binary representation of 11011.
Okay.
So generally we start from the most this is the most significant bit that is the left most divide is
called the significant bit because this represents doing this to the power of six, which is a huge
number eight.
And these these bits and it's a this it represents two listed above one only.
So here we can see this is a particular binary representation of a number.
You can derive them.
And I want to set up a link to this bit zero rate.
This bit is the second, but I want to set second rate, so let's just sit back and read the horror
set as I can read for any number.
What I will simply do is I have this ability x then what I see, I see x and.
If I dig in order of 001008, if I take an order of this number with the above number, then I can simply
get the rate set.
Correct me if I did.
Hmm.
What we'll do is we'll do nothing, but we'll just take all of these to number three.
So I want to set this I can, which I'll just take a number which represents which is on this.
I can read it.
Then I'll take all of them.
And here we can see that I have this number, which it's the same number with this converts it.
Correct.
So X or we can save one left shift.
Names because I wanted to set second rate.
What is one left of two Dems?
You almost know left shifting.
This is again a op ed which is lecture eight.
So this lecture doctorate is very simple.
For example, if I have this right and I won't allow time left shifting it funding what is a left shift
lecture means all the bits which have left and on the 020 will complete.
The zero comes here.
This one comes here.
One comes here.
So the I'm shifting them one time not to the state.
No.
Eight performing one left shift.
This is the new representation and I left A0 with eight.
So if I see a left shift one time the same as in 2 to 8, you can check for any number.
Eight for left shift.
One will give me.
You can take this this fort.
If I left you at all the funding it will give me.
And similarly, I have an operation called Write Shoot and this.
And I should really just write each of the.
And last we will go over.
So these are some left and right shift.
And this is our view by taking all from one left shift two.
So what is one left two one is represented as this right.
And if I left shifted two times, this one will come over here and rest.
All will be zero one left shift two is nothing more to return the power to put it one left shift x is
to erase to the power.
Right.
And so this was about setting of it and how can I answer it?
And you think of it.
How can I answer that?
Easy.
If I want to answer it.
Yeah.
Okay.
I leave it to you how to interpret.
So there are various multiple ways to check it.
Now, the last one is check if I take if I it to be disturbed or not.
If I want to check whether the I the British said or not.
Let's see again, let's take the same example.
And I want to check whether this which is a third with zero one, two, three, right.
With it always in zero base or indexing.
I want to check whether the third word is said or not.
That or not.
What I simply do is I'll write.
I'll just make this bit come to the first place.
That is the zeroth position.
And for that, what I have to do is it is a third rate.
If I write it three times, then what will happen?
This will reach the first place.
This will reach the second place.
In third place and this default and the rest all will be zero.
I have shifted the above.
Bit of a -- three times.
Correct.
This is the new number that I got.
And now we know this returns reached zero.
So what I do is I just write a book called one.
This is one date in binary.
And I'll take that and.
So when it didn't.
Only if this British said.
And then one in one will give me zero.
And one in one will give me one at the end.
All all the rest will be zero here.
Well, by just digging and I want to check a bit, I just I shifted over to the antique and with one
that in that way I can get with it a bit etc..
Yeah.
So what.
So I have to check whether it's in VI intimate of exercised or not.
I like shift x five times and with one.
I hope this is clear.
And, uh.
Anything else is needed.
Yeah.
Now leave.
I leave the unsettling of Bill to you.
And.
Correct.
So anything else?
You.
No.
And let's go to these things very quickly.
If I.
Or what we can do is okay, let's call it very quickly the legend that all these objects.
Let's say I was doing this and which is nothing but A, B, C, and I would want to generate all these
subsets of it a little bit.
And it is absurd what I have to do, I have to run over for.
I'll start from zero, and it will go till one left shift.
Mm hmm.
When they observed this as ordered, size eight.
So let's dig in and let's call it as stasis.
Will it will go for two days to the power three.
So there is one olive tree, which is one lecture template.
So I will go from 0 to 7 in this case.
And now for all these I's, what I'll do is I'll just check whether.
They're British said they're not.
If they're that British said, I simply include it.
If it is not, it originally excluded from my site.
So do you start from zero and you will go to plan only because it's three.
I just have to check the three bids and let six if I get there to be disabled or not.
And how can we take that either?
TVG And when?
In this way, we can check whether I get rid of ice or not.
And if it is set, I just print the out as G.
Correct.
Otherwise I won't print anything.
And then we can just put in the new name.
Here.
You can see I've done it at all possible jobs at AB, CHC and ABC.
Similarly, if I had a d, e, let's say d, e f, then I'll do this with about six episodes, which
is 64.
And here we can see all these opposite two very different ways of generating subsets.
This is one big manipulation.
And so in this what we saw, we saw taking it a bit.
Now let's check whether a Buddhist said or not.
So let's call em.
And let's see em as equals to.
Ten eight.
Let's.
That.
So in ten zero 1/1 readers already said, let's get this second.
It's checking.
Bit off.
So how can I say I can rid of him?
Okay.
We don't need a follow up.
Yeah.
So I'll simply say m is nothing but.
Is it?
I simply say that am is nothing but an.
M or one left shift two.
I've shifted one two times and our rhythm and we'll just started.
What if the second rate of M was already there then?
Also, we won't have any problem late because I'm taking out one or one is also one and zero or one
is also in it.
And finally, let's put in them or what I guess, what's the value of them?
I've started the second trade, so it will be eight plus four.
Let's do this.
14.
As you can see, we have d 14.
Similarly, you can enter the bid and.
You the think so, too.
These are some very basics of brain manipulation.
Then the next part, we'll start with our deep with bitmaps.